well howdy there Internet people let's
bow again so tonight we're gonna talk
about fear and we are going to talk
about well I'm gonna tell you a tale of
two neighborhoods last couple weeks
every other day I've been running
supplies down to Panama City to the
hurricane impact zone making sure trying
to make sure people get what they need
stop a little supply depot pick it up
drive down been taking my kids with me
and people have asked you know why are
you taking your kid you're going in some
rough neighborhoods and if if you ever
been there on vacation you're probably
thinking rough neighborhood
well if you went there on vacation you
went to Panama City Beach Panama City's
over the bridge and there are some rough
neighborhoods there the other day the
first stop I made was one of those
neighborhoods you know when I turned the
corner I realized where I was at and
it's the type of neighborhood people my
skintone normally drive-through speeding
with her doors locked or they try to
avoid it completely I'm creeping down
this road because they've cleared the
debris in it you know you can tell
somebody went through with an axe and
busted it up and it's all piled on the
side of the road if you've ever been in
one of those neighborhoods you know the
addresses are normally painted on the
curb and they're confusing to begin with
you know it's it's facility number
building number and then a letter for
the unit or something like that it's
hard to find what you're looking for so
I'm driving real slow and about halfway
down the street four guys standing there
one of them walks out to the truck these
guys are there obvious gangbangers you
know they're all they're all sporting
colors he's like homie you lost no
obvious subtext white boy you can get
out here here in the wrong place and I'm
like I'm looking for this address he's
like oh you're that you're the baby
formula man yeah today I'm the baby
formula man
he sends one of his buddies to go get
the girl that needs it and we're
standing there talking you know one guy
standing there Justin because he's
carrying and doesn't have this holster
right or something other guys got his
head in the back of the truck talking to
talking to the boys
my son's real impressed with the wind
and how it smashed the trees and this
guy's like nah when didn't smash the
trees I smashed the trees with my ax
sounds flat for your only he's like we
you made a mess of my house and asked
them if they needed anything
three minutes these guys gave me the
diaper sizes every kid in the
neighborhood told me which kids needed
you know infant formula which kids need
a toddler mix and you know charcoal
would be really helpful cuz they got the
girls out back nope our guy down the
road nobody likes needs at art you know
just do to do today and I type it in my
phone I'll run up get it bring it back
to him I get there open the back of that
truck
one guy hands it out other people run it
to where it needs to go supplied that
whole neighborhood like ten minutes it
was really impressive to be honest leave
there and a drive up end up in a nice
neighborhood and not like gated
community nice but a nice neighborhood
you know and the addresses are up on the
house all pretty find what I'm looking
for pretty easy
pulling the driveway get in the back of
the truck pull out of case MREs and some
water start walking up to the house and
some idiot from next door comes running
out with his gun screaming you Luke we
shoot and we have words he goes back
inside and I drop off the supplies get
back in the truck and I'm sitting there
thinking you know this guy he thinks
he's the neighborhood hero you know cuz
he's ready doesn't know his immediate
neighbor the elderly couple next door
doesn't have food and water
leave there go to streets north same
neighborhood start to drive down the
road can't get down it there's a tree in
it so I grabbed a chainsaw and I start
cutting it up guy walks out of his house
with his chainsaw helps we get it done
like 10 minutes and he's like I didn't
want to be out here alone he's like you
know the city said that anybody caught
working without license get arrested
why have you seen them you know it's
been a few days since the hurricane he's
like no I'd seen four or five days
well if you haven't seen them they're
not gonna see you clear your Road you
know what are you doing
you know they're saying that because
they're trying to stop contractors and
shady construction workers from coming
in and ripping people off but that's
what it boils down to now it's uh it's
fear it's fear you know that guy that
came out of his house I'm sure because
that neighborhood already had power
I'm sure he's sitting there reading the
rumors on social media there's looting
in the streets just he's holed up yeah
I've been down there there there's not
living in the streets there's not it's I
mean I'm sure that it's happened but it
has been pretty isolated and I've been
all over down there the other guy just
had to cut up a tree without government
permission clear zone road the sons of
the pioneers right it's what we like to
cast ourselves as we're Americans the
sons of the pioneers are we anymore or
if we had it so good for so long that we
forgotten what that is and we become
afraid of everything everything it's
that fear of the other that guy he's not
from this neighborhood better get my god
see sad part about that is
you know somebody who has not had a gun
pointed at them before that might stop
them from doing or really for they might
stop doing it and that guy thinks he's
protecting people he's healthy because
that's what it takes out right that's
what it takes
thank God it's the power of everything
now that we're afraid of everything so
violence becomes the answer to
everything now there's a real fear
there's genuine fear if you're ever
somewhere and you don't know why but the
hair in your neck starts to stand up
your subconscious has caught something
you need to pay attention to it and then
there's a rational fear and that's what
we're faced with and there's people to
pray on it and pray on that that
self-centered nature that we've
developed in this country you know
they're people in the comment section
some of these videos that actually
believe that thousands of people fleeing
Central America are really coming here
because they want to vote and and
influence our election and that's that's
really what they're doing
Howie 'get istic will do you have to
believe the heat to believe that do
these people do not care about your
politician if they were going to wait
for a politician to better their life
they'd still be at home these people on
foot walk a couple thousand miles try to
build a better life they don't care
about your politician dude and anybody
willing to do that yeah they can live
next to me they're not afraid you know
they're they're willing to travel a
couple thousand miles to come to a
country that is certainly not welcoming
to them right now get somewhere safe and
try to build a better life
so I get people made but it's that fear
that fear everybody's out to get you
nobody's acting engy you know we are not
the sons of the pioneers and the
daughters of Rosie the Riveter anymore
because we're not gonna fix the problem
ourselves we're gonna wait for somebody
else to do it
wait for government big daddy government
need them for everything to cut a tree
in our road it's insane
when we're leaving that day we're in a
small town and my two-year-old spots a
fire truck sitting out in front of the
fire station and he loves them I mean
he'd already crawl out the window said
Oh rescue team then he notices that the
fire station is damaged he's like oh no
rescue teams hurt who's gonna help my
four year old doesn't miss a beat us and
that's why I take them
that is why I take them can't tell a kid
to be a good person you got a show four
year old understands that at some point
and at some times it's just us
there is no Big Daddy government coming
to help you if you're waiting for a
politician you need to understand you're
waiting for the guy that came out
screaming you Louie we shoot
that's who you're hoping is gonna solve
your problem because those people in DC
they're convinced they got everybody
protected meanwhile their immediate
neighbor doesn't have food and water
that's who you're waiting for
you got a problem in your community fix
it do it yourself do not wait for a
leader don't wait for some Savior to
arrive don't be afraid put out the flame
of your foot get involved you want to
make America great it isn't gonna happen
in DC it's gonna happen at the local
level it's gonna happen because we've
reclaimed that initiative that that
American character that you know Rosie
the river you know
instead we're afraid of everything
clinging to those guns because that's
what it takes to be a hero today that's
how you become a hero it's on TV I gotta
get in a gunfight right this what makes
you tough makes you a hero let me ask
you this at the end of the day who's the
better man I'm sure all those
gangbangers had guns they're no stranger
to violence baby the diaper size every
kid in that neighborhood or the guys
screaming you Luke we shoot didn't know
his neighbor needed food and water who's
the better man who's the hero in that
story God doesn't make a hero
the gun doesn't make it off
we've got a real problem in this country
and it really boils down to fear boils
down to fear we've got to stop being
afraid of everything you know well one
of these migrants may be a murderer
maybe hey there's 7,000 people I'm sure
somebody has done something wrong in
that group I mean that that's a pretty
high probability right there so I guess
we just ride them all off there let's do
that with every group I'm sure there's
somebody in your cities on something
wrong we need to just write your whole
city off here's the thing guys it's up
to you it is up to you if not you who
who's gonna solve the problems if it's
not you you personally
not your representative you anyway
it's just a thought just something thing
about and while I'm on the subject I
kind of want to point out that there are
people still out there like that
this little supply depot I've been going
to it's at a place called Project Hope
incorporated now under normal
circumstances these guys work with vets
and they use horses kind of cool to kind
of provide a cathartic experience
interesting little concept and they do
good work accordingly everybody that
I've talked to that has ever had
anything to do with them they've turned
their entire facility into a supply
depot to help people and need to think
about that supply is coming at to a
non-government location non-government
people get in to where it needs to go if
government can help if government could
really solve the problems I wouldn't be
running supplies in for 30 or 40 miles
away anyway y'all have a nice night